[Messenger] Add auto stamp attribute and middleware (#18461)
symfony/symfony-docs: messenger.rst

#. ``handle_message`` - calls the message handler(s) for the given message.

> #. ``auto_stamp_middleware`` - add stamps to envelope from ``AutoStamp`` attribute on message.

Author: ```suggestion
#. ``auto_stamp_middleware`` - add stamps to envelope from ``StampInterface`` attributes on message.
```
